where you can see why think of the game
on the high scores list this is my
fucking impression of the game there you
go there's my high score list
alright so we've got one more level left
to show you here and there's actually a
final level once you beat all the other
levels but there's no way I'm getting
that I mean come on I can't even beat a
normal fucking level so here close get
Maggie's ball which somehow has left out
of her crib or her play space and
whatever the fuck and all the way into a
tree somehow I don't know how the hell
that's possible and in fact the tree is
so I mean I guess you just loose ties in
here I guess Homer just fucking his so
damn absent-minded he loses fucking ties
in here I know what did I mention the
bees can knock you off it's instant
death when you fall dimension that one
and how all of a sudden the simpsons
have like 30 trees in our backyard where
in the show i think they have like two I
mean this is legit like basically contra
Simpsons this is what this is this
should just be called contra the
simpsons like contra fucking subtitle
the simpsons up there it goes bart fell
down fucking fell on the tree broke all
this dick off sit Milhouse is going to
fuck and cum resuscitate him with
fucking dicta mouth surgery let's try it
out let's try it out again fire that
fucking gun like you never fired before
i messing around now Bart I like how if
you take the time to get the bees you
actually fucking get hit oh and I see
those darts up there so basically all
this fucking shit you pizzas you're
collecting or just worthless no point no
point come on mr. B come back I know
you're going to do it I know you're
gonna come back and hit me right up that
should aren't you just fucking all it
knocked me back in knife to kill both
these up there is the game that's
effective thought the dog the dog but
the dog to fit the thought but mr.
president if it doesn't let the 5th
attested cut I want to try one more time
though let me try this shit one more
time fucking Maggie's ball gotta get
that goddamn ball to Center on navigated
through a sea of bees the bc the bee's
knees and the bc fire that fucking gun
son get her done no point in collecting
fucking pizzas yes ok
now okay we made to the second screen
here's the pissed-off leaves the leaves
of rage pretty much it's what the fuck
these are it's like seriously here's an
extra life but then the game trolls you
because it takes it away before you
could ever fucking possibly get near it
because of this fucking squirrel
throwing a shit watch this is going to
go away like right here or not well
still let me have the fuck you're going
to grab that that angle oh and now dolls
are suddenly sliding down the roof and
yes I'm pretty sure you can't be knocked
off the roof fuck this damn squirrel
here's the bee kingdom here all these
damn Beach
you